# mdbenito

Just my site / portfolio / dump.

Minify / compile / consolidate assets with the Makefile.

## Remarks

* Lazy Load XT: use the data-src attribute and don't forget the
  <noscript> trick to always display images in browsers without
  javascript.
* jqmath implements a very small subset of LaTeX. In particular
  greek letters have to be input in unicode (e.g. α instead of \alpha).
* The webfont is a stripped down version of Font Awesome done with
  http://fontello.com. The config is in `src/fonts/fontello-config.json`.
  **NOTE** that the generated CSS uses the relative path of the package,
  i.e. ../font/blah, whereas I'm using ../font*s*/blah.
  **Don't** blindly overwrite `fa-mini.css`. Instead copy the new icons
  and fix the paths as indicated in `src/css/fa-mini.css`
  Also: `fa-mini-ie7.css` has to be minified by hand

## To do

* Reduce the size of biggest SVGs: cmusml.svg (too many points in
  top-right subplot).
* Automate font generation with fontello API. Careful with overwriting
  local changes (see above).


## Credits
* Original site template: HTML5 UP, html5up.net | @n33co | CCA 3.0 license
  (html5up.net/license)
* Demo images by Unsplash (unsplash.com)
* Webfont generated by http://fontello.com, using Font Awesome
  (fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome).
* Javascript:
    * jQuery v1.11.3 | (c) 2005, 2015 jQuery Foundation, Inc.
      (jquery.org/license)
    * html5shiv.js (@afarkas @jdalton @jon\_neal @rem)
    * CSS3 Pie (css3pie.com)
    * Respond.js (j.mp/respondjs)
    * tipsy version 1.0.0a (c) 2008-2010 jason frame
      [jason@onehackoranother.com] | MIT license
    * skel.js v3.0.0 | (c) n33 | skel.io | MIT license
    * Lazy Load XT 1.1.0. | MIT license
    * jqmath 0.4.3. | (c) 2015, Mathscribe, Inc. | MIT license

